---
layout: post
title: "Working Through a Pandemic: Data Science Edition" 
date: 2020-11-24
---

Back in February 2020, I got matched with Intact Data Lab and was thrilled to be joining their team for my summer internship. Working downtown by Queens Park with a team focused on innovation and with other interns had me looking forward to my next internship. But then in March, 3 hours before my second midterm of the day, we found out that not only was our midterm cancelled but UW was cancelling classes for the next week and then switching to virtual school due to COVID-19. Like many of my peers, I was shocked. Me and my friends were cramming to write our midterm, and then the next second, we were given what felt like another reading week. 

At that time, I definitely did not expect that I would be writing this blog in November, in yet another lockddown in Peel. Slowly throughout March and April, I found out about more and more of my friends internship's getting cancelled, shortened or postponed to the next summer. I was anxiously waiting to find out if my co-op was going to be cancelled as well, but thankfully Intact was quick to switch to a remote internship. 

All the excitement about commuting downtown, having picnics at Queen's park and going to happy hours with other interns was gone, but I was grateful that I had an internship; that I was working at a good company; that I was going to have the opportunity to continue learning; that my summer wouldn't have to be spent in school or wasted doing nothing. 

To be continued..
